feat: add types-markdown to dependencies (#2111)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## Unreleased

> * Added support for linting for the [Markdown](https://pypi.org/project/Markdown/) package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the `types-markdown` dependency, allowing linters to check markdown using the [Markdown](https://pypi.org/project/Markdown/) package. 
```
